GetProjectSettings legend group (#6152)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/server_manual/services.rst

* information about vector attributes and their edit types
* information about layer order and drawing order
* list of layers published in WFS

> * show if a legend group is mutually exclusive

Reviewer: I first thought it was about the legend in print layout. Maybe
```suggestion
* show if a group in the layer tree is :ref:`mutually exclusive <group_layers_interact>`
```
with a link to what that means?
